add v2 get shipment endpoint (#219)
myparcelnl/sdk: README.md

```

Create and echo download link to PDF with `setLinkOfLabels($position)` where `$positions` is the [label position](#label-format-and-position) value.

> If you want more than 25 labels in one response, the setLinkOfLabels will automatically use a different endpoint. It may happen that the PDF file takes longer to receive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want more than 25 labels in one response, the setLinkOfLabels will automatically use a different endpoint. At that point, it is likely that the PDF is not ready yet. You should check periodically if the PDF is ready for download.
```
